Improve formatted spec (#146)
meilisearch/specifications: text/0118-search-api.md

Configures which fields may have highlighted parts, given that they match the requested query terms (i.e. the terms in the [`q`](#311-q) search parameter). Pre/post highlighting tags are applied around each word corresponding to a query term.

If `attributesToHighlight` is present in the search query, the search results will include a `_formatted` object containing the attributes and their highlighted parts. For more detailed regarding the `_formatted` behavior, see the [3.2.1.1.2. `_formatted`](#32112-formatted) section.

> If `"*"` is provided as a value (`attributesToHighlight=["*"]`), all the attributes present in `displayedAttributes` setting will be highlighted.

Author: I removed every mentions/explanations regarding the `_formatted` behavior in this part, except to redirect to the dedicated section, to avoid any confusion

Defines document attributes to be cropped. Cropped attributes have their values shortened around query terms.

If `attributesToCrop` is present in the search query, the search results will include a `_formatted` object containing the attributes and their cropped parts. For more detailed regarding the `_formatted` behavior, see the [3.2.1.1.2. `_formatted`](#32112-formatted) section.

If `"*"` is provided as a value (`attributesToCrop=["*"]`), all the attributes present in `displayedAttributes` setting will be cropped.

> 

Author: I followed the same "format" as for `attributesToHighlight`. First, talking and redirect to the formatted section, then the `*` value behavior, and finally the available parameters.

- Type: Object
- Required: False

`_formatted` is an object returned in the search response, only if at least one of the following paramaters has been set in the search query:
- `attributesToHighlight`
- `attributesToCrop`

If `attributesToHighlight` and `attributesToCrop` are not set, `_formatted` is not returned.

> This `_formatted` object will be present in the each returned document in the `hits` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `_formatted` object will be present in each returned document in the `hits` field.
```

Example:

```json
{

>     "q": "",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is unnecessary and might give the impression that you **need** to do a query to get a formatted field.

    "attributesToCrop": ["title"]
}
```

```json
{
    "hits": [
        {
            "id": 2,
            "title": "Pride and Prejudice",
            "_formatted": {
                "id": "2",
                "title": "Pride and Prejudice"
            }
        },
        {
            "id": 456,
            "title": "Le Petit Prince",
            "_formatted": {
                "id": "456",
                "title": "Le Petit Prince",
            }
        }
    ],
    ...
}
```

Which attributes are present in `_formatted`?

> The `_formatted` object will contain attributes coming from the original document, depending on the parameters the users set during the search query. Indeed, **the attributes present in `_formatted` are the addition of the attributes present in `attributesToRetrieve`, `attributesToHighlight`, and `attributesToCrop`**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `_formatted` object contains attributes coming from the original document, depending on the parameters the users set during the search query. Indeed, **`_formatted` contains all the attributes present in `attributesToRetrieve`, `attributesToHighlight`, and `attributesToCrop` combined**.
```

> The `_formatted` object will contain attributes coming from the original document, depending on the parameters the users set during the search query. Indeed, **the attributes present in `_formatted` is the addition of the attributes present in `attributesToRetrieve`, `attributesToHighlight`, and `attributesToCrop`**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `_formatted` object will contain attributes coming from the original document, depending on the parameters the users set during the search query. Indeed, **the attributes present in `_formatted` are the addition of the attributes present in `attributesToRetrieve`, `attributesToHighlight`, and `attributesToCrop`**.
```

> Kmowing the default value of `attributesToRetrieve` is `["*"]` (so all the attributes present in `displayedAttributes`), if no `attributesToRetrieve` are set in the search query, `_formatted` will return all the `displayedAttributes`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Knowing the default value of `attributesToRetrieve` is `["*"]` (so all the attributes present in `displayedAttributes`), if no `attributesToRetrieve` are set in the search query, `_formatted` will return all the `displayedAttributes`.
```

> Kmowing the default value of `attributesToRetrieve` is `["*"]` (so all the attributes present in `displayedAttributes`), if no `attributesToRetrieve` are set in the search query, `_formatted` will return all the `displayedAttributes`.

Reviewer: But that’s not the case 🤔
If you don’t send any `attributesToRetrieve` then your `_formatted` field should be empty no?
```
{ "q": "hello" }
```
Should not return any `_formatted`.

Reviewer 3: It's a clarification about the `_formatted` behavior when not sending `attributesToRetrieve` but sending `attributesToHighlight` or `attributesToCrop`.

Author: Will try to clarify this!

Author: I did an update, tell me if it's better

Returning attributes in the `_formatted` object does not mean these attributes will be necessarily highlighted or cropped, see the next point.

Which attributes are highlighted or cropped in `_formatted`?

> No matter how many attributes are retrieved in `_formatted` following the previous rule:

Reviewer 2: What did you mean here?

Author: Previously we defined which attributes are defined in `_formatted`. Here, no matter which attributes are present in `_formatted`, the following rules are applied.

Author: I did an updated, tell me if it's better

- Only the attributes present in `attributesToHighlight` are highlighted.
- Only the attributes present in `attributesToCrop` are cropped.
- Attributes present in both are cropped and highlighted at the same time.

Some edge cases:
- If cumulated fields in `attributesToHighlight` and `attributesToCrop` resolve to only having non-existent fields, `_formatted` is not returned.

> Some examples:

Author: The examples are here to help, but do NOT replace the explanation: there are just here to illustrate the sentences above.
The sentences above should resume the previous list you did before.

Reviewer 3: IMO It's much clearer that way, I think it's inevitable to have examples even if I like to avoid them to avoid making the specifications bigger. Thank you for this!
